What's your trouble?
No.
Nothing mom
You go back first
Only my niece takes care of me
I'll be going back then.
Take good care of yourself, don't worry.
In fact, I've been following you all the time just now.
What did you see?
Chen Xuenan, in fact, your mother loves you very much
You mustn't cheat on him because of him
You are the only one who cheated, don't blame your mother.
Please communicate with Auntie Chen.
He may have some last resort
That man is my biological father. Um?
Is it funny? He abandoned his wife and children
I didn't expect to be dead yet
I didn't expect it.
He used to have such a terrible past
Don't be sad.
Immortal, he loves you very much, right?
Wan Group was founded by my grandfather
Facing bankruptcy that year
He was afraid of taking responsibility and left me and my mother behind
It made me what I am today
I thought my family environment was poor
I didn't expect his family environment to be worse
Supreme brother
Why was I released so quickly?
Did he force you to do something?
Brother, he didn't leave.
Come home with me. He can't come with you
Chen Xunan, don't go too far
Brother, what are you doing?
He didn't push me.
Are you all right?
Go away